## v0.12.7 (2021-05-20)

* Fixed:
  * Parsing files containing special UTF-8 characters would result in an error.
    Files are now assumed to be UTF-8.
    ([Contributed by rhorenov](https://github.com/mtkennerly/poetry-dynamic-versioning/pull/50))

## v0.12.6 (2021-04-19)

* Fixed:
  * The previous `bump` fix only applied to `format-jinja`. It has now been
    fixed for other scenarios as well.

## v0.12.5 (2021-04-18)

* Fixed:
  * When the `bump` option was enabled, the version would be bumped even when on
    a commit with a version tag. Now, no bumping occurs when on such a commit.

## v0.12.4 (2021-03-05)

* Fixed:
  * An incompatibility with `tox-poetry-installer` where the working directory
    was received as a `str` instead of a `Path`.
    ([Contributed by cburgess](https://github.com/mtkennerly/poetry-dynamic-versioning/pull/41))

## v0.12.3 (2021-02-19)

* Fixed:
  * Previously, when building a source distribution with `poetry build`, the
    plugin's config section would retain the `enable = true` setting, which
    would then cause an error when installing the artifact since the VCS info
    would not be available.
    (This was not an issue for wheels generated by `poetry build`.)

    The dynamic version from build time is still present in the source
    distribution, so there is no need for the plugin at install time.
    Therefore, the plugin now temporarily sets `enable = false` so that that
    value will be placed in the source distribution, then restores the original
    setting for development purposes.

## v0.12.2 (2021-01-30)

* Fixed:
  * Another possible exception when applying patches if only `poetry-core` was
    installed and not the Poetry tool, particularly combined with Tox.

## v0.12.1 (2021-01-04)

* Fixed:
  * Possible exception when applying patches if only `poetry-core` was
    installed and not the Poetry tool.

## v0.12.0 (2020-12-05)

* Added:
  * `tagged-metadata` option, for the corresponding Dunamai feature.
    ([Contributed by mariusvniekerk](https://github.com/mtkennerly/poetry-dynamic-versioning/pull/32))

## v0.11.0 (2020-11-21)

* Added:
  * `bump` option.
* Fixed:
  * `poetry shell` did not clean up after itself.

## v0.10.0 (2020-10-08)

* Added:
  * Support for patching `poetry-core` when used as a standalone build system.

## v0.9.0 (2020-09-27)

* Changed:
  * Dropped support for `pip wheel .` and bumped the minimum Poetry version to
    1.0.2 in order to enable fixing the following issue.
* Fixed:
  * The main project's dynamic version would be applied to path/Git dependencies.
    Now, the plugin tracks state and configuration for each dependency separately
    in order to correctly report their versions.
  * `poetry run` did not always clean up after itself.
  * `poetry.semver.version` could not be imported because it was moved to
    `poetry.core.semver.version` starting in Poetry 1.1.0a1. The plugin can now
    handle either location.

## v0.8.3 (2020-08-07)

* Fixed a possible issue with string interning in glob handling.
  ([Contributed by mariusvniekerk](https://github.com/mtkennerly/poetry-dynamic-versioning/pull/18))

## v0.8.2 (2020-07-06)

* Fixed an issue with Python 3.5 compatibility.
  (Contributed by [gsemet](https://github.com/gsemet))
* Increased minimum Dunamai version to propagate the latest updates.

## v0.8.1 (2020-05-29)

* Fixed an issue where CLI mode did not persist the change to pyproject.toml.
  This problem was missed because of an issue in the integration tests,
  which are fixed now as well.

## v0.8.0 (2020-05-28)

* Added the option `format-jinja-imports`.
* Added support for Pip's PEP 517 isolated builds.
* In CLI mode:
  * Improved handling of error conditions.
  * Added output of the generated version and any modified files.
* Removed handling for Poetry versions prior to 1.0.0.
* Avoid writing files if the content does not need to be changed.

## v0.7.0 (2020-05-14)

* Added a CLI mode.

## v0.6.0 (2020-03-22)

* Expose new Dunamai functions via `format-jinja`:
  * `bump_version`
  * `serialize_pep440`
  * `serialize_pvp`
  * `serialize_semver`

## v0.5.0 (2020-02-12)

* Added the `format-jinja` option.

## v0.4.0 (2019-12-13)

* Added the ability to update the version in other files than pyproject.toml.

## v0.3.2 (2019-12-13)

* Fixed an issue with Poetry 1.0.0b2 and newer where the original version
  would not be restored after `poetry run`.
  (Contributed by [lmoretto](https://github.com/lmoretto))

## v0.3.1 (2019-11-28)

* Fixed [#3](https://github.com/mtkennerly/poetry-dynamic-versioning/issues/3)
  where the plugin would revert not only the dynamic version change in pyproject.toml,
  but also any other changes, such as the addition of new dependencies.
  (Contributed by [lmoretto](https://github.com/lmoretto))

## v0.3.0 (2019-10-27)

* Updated for Dunamai v1.0.0:
  * Added support for Fossil.
  * Better error reporting, such as when no tags match the expected pattern.
  * Custom formatting:
    * Renamed `{post}` to `{distance}`
    * Renamed `{pre_type}` to `{stage}`
    * Renamed `{pre_number}` to `{revision}`
    * Removed `{epoch}`
    * Removed `{dev}`

## v0.2.0 (2019-10-19)

* Added support for Poetry 1.0.0b2.

## v0.1.0 (2019-06-05)

* Initial release.
